.\" Copyright (C) 1993-1999 Ken'ichi Fukamachi
.\"          All rights reserved. 
.\"               1993-1996 fukachan@phys.titech.ac.jp
.\"               1996-1999 fukachan@sapporo.iij.ad.jp
.\" 
.\" FML is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of GNU General Public License.
.\" See the file COPYING for more details.
.\"
.\" $Id$
.\"
.Dd April 3, 1999
.Dt MAKEFML 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm makefml
.Nd fml configuration control program
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
command ML
.Op arguments

.Nm
ML::command 
.Op arguments
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Sy makefml
command helps you to configure fml and 
.Sy ML
maintenance where 
.Sy ML
is a mailing list you maintain.
You can use this program to add a member to 
.Sy ML
,
remove a member to 
.Sy ML
, and control fundamental
.Sy ML
configuration.

.Bl -tag -width 4n -offset indent -compact
.Pp
.It Sy % _EXEC_DIR_/makefml help
.Pp
.El
show available commands.

.Sh EXAMPLE
.Pp
to add 
.Sy address
to 
.Sy elena
mailing list.
.Bl -tag -width 4n -offset indent -compact
.Pp
.It Sy % _EXEC_DIR_/makefml add elena address
.El

to remove
.Sy address
in
.Sy elena
mailing list.
.Bl -tag -width 4n -offset indent -compact
.Pp
.It Sy % _EXEC_DIR_/makefml bye elena address
.El

to run CUI (Character User Interface) to control
.Sy elena
mailing list.
.Bl -tag -width 4n -offset indent -compact
.Pp
.It Sy % _EXEC_DIR_/makefml config elena
.El

This helps you customize 
.Sy fml
fundamental configurations. 
But if you need fine configurations, 
it is better for you to edit config.ph (perl script) in each 
.Sy ML
directory directly. 

.Sh FML DOCUMENTS
.Pp
For more details, please see documents installed under 
.Sy _EXEC_DIR_/doc/
.
Plain texts are in
.Sy _EXEC_DIR_/doc/
but
the HTML version documents are also in
.Sy _EXEC_DIR_/doc/html/
.

You can see the latest information on
.Sy http://www.fml.org/
.
.Pp
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr fml 8 
.Sh HISTORY
A
.Nm
utility appeared in
fml 2.1 release.
